Feature/dark mode (#165)
Dataport/polar: packages/plugins/Scale/CHANGELOG.md

- Breaking: Upgrade peerDependency `ol` from `^7.1.0` to `^9.2.4`.
- Feature: Add the option to configure a scale switcher via the new configuration parameters `showScaleSwitcher` and `zoomMethod`.

> - Update: fix background-colors to use CSS variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Change background colors to use CSS variables to be able to override these values via the `vuetify` configuration.
```
